Document replicating a Cloud organization (#3147)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/organizations/migrate-org.md

---
title: Migrate organization
seotitle: Migrate organization in InfluxDB
description: Replicate the state of an organization in InfluxDB
menu:
  influxdb_cloud:
    name: Migrate organization
    parent: Manage organizations
weight: 110
---

> To duplicate the state of an organization:

Reviewer: I think a quick summary explanation would help set context for the following steps. E.g. an org's state consists of both metadata resources (dashboards, buckets, etc) and the data (time-series).

1. **Migrate metadata**.

   Use [InfluxDB templates](/influxdb/cloud/influxdb-templates/create/).
   Export all resources, like dashboards and buckets, to a template manifest
   with [`influx export all`](/influxdb/cloud/influxdb-templates/create/#export-all-resources).
   Then, [apply the template](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/apply/#examples-how-to-apply-a-template-or-stack)
   to the new organization.
   
2. **Migrate data**.

   Use one of the methods below to copy data to the new organization:
   
   - [Export data to CSV](#export-data-to-csv)
   - [Write data with Flux](#write-data-with-flux)

3. Re-invite users.

### Export data to CSV
   1. Perform query for desired data.
   2. Save the results as CSV.
      (This requires copying data to a location outside of InfluxDB Cloud.)
   3. Write the CSV data into a bucket in the new organization
      using the [`influx write`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/write/) command.
   
### Write data with Flux
Perform query for desired data.
Write results directly to a bucket in the new organization with the Flux
[`to()` function](http://localhost:1313/flux/v0.x/stdlib/influxdata/influxdb/to/).

>    

Reviewer: Might want to add a note that points to a migration doc for InfluxDB v1 to v2.

   {{% note %}}

> Rate limiting may apply.

Reviewer: Do we have a doc we could link about how to identify rate limit errors?

---
title: Migrate an organization
seotitle: Migrate an organization in InfluxDB Cloud

> description: Replicate the state of an organization in InfluxDB Cloud

Reviewer 2: Think we should use the most accurate term, either migrate, duplicate, or replicate; and only use one term to reduce cognitive load (unless there's a distinction we're making here).

menu:
  influxdb_cloud:
    name: Migrate organization
    parent: Manage organizations
weight: 110
---

The state of an consists of metadata (dashboards, buckets, and other resources) and data (time-series).
While there no way to automatically duplicate an organization,

> the state of an organization can be migrated to a new organization.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is correct. Migrating the entire metadata and data state of an organization is effectively duplicating the org. Maybe something along the lines of:

An organization's state at a point in time can be effectively duplicated to another organization by copying both metadata and data. Copying only metadata can be useful for replicating the state of an organization for different environments, e.g. dev and prod. Copying only data can be useful for saving high value data to a location not subject to a retention policy.

To migrate the state of an organization:

1. Create a new organization using the [InfluxDB Cloud sign up page](https://cloud2.influxdata.com/signup).
   Use a different email address for the new organization.
2. **Migrate metadata**.  
   Use an [InfluxDB template](/influxdb/cloud/influxdb-templates/create/) to migrate metadata resources.
   Export all resources, like dashboards and buckets, to a template manifest
   with [`influx export all`](/influxdb/cloud/influxdb-templates/create/#export-all-resources).
   Then, [apply the template](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/apply/#examples-how-to-apply-a-template-or-stack)
   to the new organization.
3. **Migrate data**.  
   Use one of the methods below to copy data to the new organization:

   - [Export data to CSV](#export-data-to-csv)
   - [Write data with Flux](#write-data-with-flux)
4. Re-invite users.

### Export data to CSV

> 1. Perform a query to return all desired data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Perform a query to return all specified data.
```

> 2. Save the results as CSV.
>    (This requires copying data to a location outside of InfluxDB Cloud.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Save the results as CSV (to a location outside of InfluxDB Cloud.)
```

3. Write the CSV data into a bucket in the new organization
   using the [`influx write`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/write/) command.

### Write data with Flux

> Perform a query to return all desired data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Perform a query to return all specified data.
```

Write results directly to a bucket in the new organization with the Flux
[`to()` function](/flux/v0.x/stdlib/influxdata/influxdb/to/).

{{% note %}}

> The manual processes above may be affected by rate limiting.
> Use the [`influx write --rate-limit`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/write/#write-annotated-csv-data-using-rate-limiting)
> flag to control the rate of writes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If writes are prevented by rate limiting, use the [`influx write --rate-limit`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/write/#write-annotated-csv-data-using-rate-limiting) flag to control the rate of writes.
```
